Raditz: So, the creatures on this planet are still alive. Kakarot has failed us.
Farmer: (holding his shotgun) You're on my property.
Raditz: Is that so? (Raditz checks his scouter) Hmm...your power level is puny. Ha. Level five.
Farmer: Don't you come any closer! Look, I'll use this thing! (the farmer fires his gun) Ahhh!!! Huh?
Raditz: (Raditz catches the bullet) Hmmm...
Farmer: Ahhhhh! (Raditz flicks the bullet right at the farmer, sending him hurling backward and killing him)
Raditz: Heh. What a fragile breed of people.
Piccolo: (Piccolo senses Raditz) Uh? Huh? Huh? What is that? I've never felt so much power! Uh...huh...? It can't be Goku, it's too horrible. Huh! Who is that!? (Raditz lands in front of Piccolo)
Raditz: Excuse me for dropping in. I'm trying ta find a man named Kakarot. I thought you were him.
Piccolo: Well you thought wrong. Now turn around and get outta here before I get angry.
Raditz: Someone's having a bad day...
Piccolo: Believe me, you have no idea. Now get lost!
Raditz: Teh he he he he he he he he he. Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you? (Raditz checks his scouter) Power level three hundred and twenty two. I can tell you're not from this planet, but you'd be a fool to attack me...with such an insufficient power. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Piccolo: Now, listen to me. You came here. I have no intention of starting a fight.
Raditz: I do.
Piccolo: Grr...grrr...grr...alright, if that's the way he wants it! (Piccolo blasts Raditz) Ha ha. Huh? (Raditz is unscathed)
Raditz: Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Impressive. You actually managed to singe some of my leg hair.
Piccolo: Uh!?
Raditz: But allow me to demonstrate a more effective attack.
Piccolo: Huh...huh!?
Raditz: It's one of my favorites. I call it a double sunday. Now, see if you can follow this one. (Raditz' scouter indicates another power level) Uh? Well, I guess it's your lucky day green man. (Raditz leaves)
Raditz: (to himself) There it is. Just on the edge of my scouter's range. And it's big. It must be the largest power level on this planet. It's Kakarot. This time I'm sure.
Piccolo: (to himself, while breathing hard) I don't believe it. I hit 'im full force and he didn't even flinch. This guy could be a problem.
Raditz: (to himself) Have you forgotten your pride Kakarot. We are Saiyans, the mightiest warriors in the universe. I can still remember the day that we first sent you to this planet as an infant. We had high hopes for you then Kakarot, why have you not carried out your mission? Kakarot!
Reunions
Bulma: Hey, who's the kid?
Krillin: You tryin' ta earn some extra cash babysitting or something?
Goku: He's my son. (Master Roshi, Bulma, and Krillin are shocked)
Master Roshi: Your son!?
Goku: Pretty wild, huh?
Krillin: Well, uh...he sure seems a lot different than you were when you were a kid, Goku.
Goku: I know. Chi-Chi can be pretty overprotective when it comes to Gohan. She makes him study all the time and she says martial arts are a waste of energy.
Krillin: Oh yeah? Then what does that make us then?
Master Roshi: Goku.
Raditz: Huh?
Goku: Huh?
Master Roshi: There's something...something your grandfather once told me that I think you should know. Long ago, your grandpa Gohan was walking through the woods when he came upon a crater that had been recently made in the ground. When he went to examine it more closely, he found what appeared to be some sort of spaceship, and next to it, there you were, lying in a little round pod. Gohan tried to take care of you, but you were wild. Downright uncontrollable and unusually powerful for a baby. You wanted nothing to do with Gohan's kindness. Then, one day, there was a terrible accident. You fell into a deep ravine and badly injured your head. Your grandfather feared that he had lost you, but somehow, miraculously, you survived. Yes, any other child would have died, but you recovered. And from that day on, you became a happy loving boy.
Goku: I'm from outer space!?
Master Roshi: Yes.
Bulma: Well, that would explain a lot! So you think Goku has some connection with this guy?
Master Roshi: I wish I knew.
Goku: 'kay. You've got my attention. Now tell us who you are.
Raditz: Well, I wasn't expecting to give a history lesson when I came here today, but alright, I'll tell you everything. After all, you are going to be working for me from now on and I do like my subordinates to be well informed. (Krillin comes back)
Goku: Hey Krillin! You alright?
Krillin: Yeah, be careful Goku. This guy's not...normal.
Goku: Believe me, I know. I could sense that from the minute he landed. Even now, standing here talking to him like this, something about him turns my stomach.
Raditz: Such harsh words. Careful, you're more like me than you realize.
Goku: Hmmm...
Raditz: You were born on the planet Vegeta. You are a space fighter, a Saiyan warrior, just like me.
Goku: Huh!?
Bulma: Uh...uh!?
Krillin: What?
Master Roshi: Goku...
Raditz: Ha ha ha ha ha. So baby brother wants to be left alone. Well, its a pity that's not going to happen. No, at this point, I'm afraid you're far too valuable to us for that. You see, three years ago, our home planet Vegeta met with an unfortunate accident, when a huge comet splattered to its surface. The planet was vaporized and the Saiyan race destroyed. There's not too many of us left now brother. In fact, as far as we can tell, there are only four, including you. We were the only Saiyans away from home when the planet exploded. Like you, the rest of us have been sent off to perform a few hostile takeovers. And now we found another world we'd like to conquer. It should bring in a very high price. But unfortunately, the job's a little too big for only three of us to handle. We were almost afraid we'd have to pass it up, until I remembered you Kakarot. You're not as powerful as I might've hoped, but still, with your help, we should manage nicely. Well now, what do you think? Are you excited? You should be. I've come to take you back into the fold.
Goku: I heard enough!
Raditz: Hmmm...
Goku: I'd die before I'd join a gang of pirates like you!
Raditz: Interesting. I have been meaning to ask you Kakarot, I couldn't help but notice your son has a tail.
Goku: Leave him outta this!
Raditz: I'll decide that! If you won't join us, I suppose I'll just have to settle for taking the boy in your place.
Bulma: Wha...?
Krillin: Goku...
Goku: We'll see. Ha!
Raditz: I see the fire in your eyes brother. You should come with us. It's in your blood, you love to fight.
Goku: Huh?
Raditz: Now.
Krillin: I'm right here with you Goku.
Goku: Just stay close to Gohan.
Master Roshi: Watch it Goku. (Raditz teleports and smashes Goku in the stomach, sending him sprawling backward)
Goku: Uh! Ooooo...uh....
Raditz: (Raditz grabs Gohan) Like I said, I'm taking your son. If you ever want to see him alive again, I suggest you listen closely.
Krillin: Come on Goku! You have to get up!
Raditz: Now then, I'll give you one day to think about my offer. Although lets be realistic Kakarot, I'm not giving you a choice. So, when you decide to join us, and you will, there's something I want you to do...prove to me that you mean it. You can start by eliminating one hundred of these pathetic Earthlings. Just stack them on this beach when you're done, I'll be back tomorrow for a head count.
Goku: Ah!?
Raditz: So what do you say Kakarot? I do hope you'll come through for me on this one. After all, he's my nephew. It would be a shame if I had to hurt him. Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Unlikely Alliance
Master Roshi: Don't worry! Krillin and I are ready! We'll put that space pirate out of business, won't we?
Krillin: Well, if there's three of us, I guess it's possible. Possible but...not likely.
Krillin: (to himself) What am I saying? I'm gonna get creamed out there. This stinks! I'm too young to go. I never even had a girlfriend.
Krillin: Oh great! What else could go wrong today!?
Piccolo: I suppose you could make me angry, but I wouldn't advise it.
Raditz: Well, well, well. Look who's decided to drop in. It's little brother. Oh, and he's brought the green man with him. I was wondering who that second insignificant blip on my scouter might be. I confess, I didn't expect it to be you. What a pleasant surprise. I have to hand it to you brother, I didn't think I'd see you till tomorrow. You are a little more resourceful than I thought, and more foolish as well.
Goku: We'll see about that!
Raditz: Fair enough. So what bring you here Kakarot? Do tell. Have you already eliminated one hundred Earthlings?
Goku: I'm here to get my son back! Where is he!?
Gohan: That's my daddy!
"Raditz': I was afraid you said that.
Gohan: Ah ha ha ha ha ha!
Raditz: You are testing my patience Kakarot! I've been more than generous with you so far! Now for the last time, I strongly recommend that you join us!
Goku: I don't care what you recommend! The answer is still no!
Gohan: Waaaah! That hurt! Waah!
Raditz: You should listen to your big brother.
Goku: As far as I'm concerned, I don't have a brother!
Raditz: Alright then, you can have it your way Kakarot. I didn't come here to kill you, but it seems you have left me no choice. It's too bad little brother. I do think you would have found the life of a Saiyan to be quite invigorating.
Piccolo: Alright! I've heard enough talk! You know why we're here so lets get on with it! (Piccolo throws down his weighted clothing)
Goku: Huh? Piccolo!? I had no idea you trained with weighted clothing too.
Piccolo: What? Thought you were the only one? Hmm...oh yeah. I feel much lighted.
Goku: (after taking off that weighted clothing) That outta do it, Piccolo. Unless you can thing of something else
Piccolo: What am I? Your tailor?
Piccolo's Plan
Raditz: I'll tell you what. Seeing as how your power levels are more or less equal, why don't we make a little game out of this? We'll call it "which of you can last against me the longest?" The rules are simple. I cause you both a great deal of pain and you writhe around in agony. The loser is the first to beg for mercy.
Piccolo: Grr...grr...grrr...grrr...that's it. I don't care how strong he is. I'm not gonna stand here and listen to this. I would prefer to die.
Raditz: Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Don't you worry about it green man, we'll get to that in due time.
Goku: Hey, don't get ahead o' yourself. You haven't beaten us yet.
Raditz: Trust me Kakarot, I know an easy win when I see one. I'm a Saiyan. It's what I do.
Piccolo: Come on Goku, lets finish this guy. We'll charge him together.
Goku: Wait. Not yet. Not until what he's done with Gohan. Now where is he? Where have you hidden him?
Raditz: Right. Your little son? You think you're going to save him? Who's getting a head of himself, now?
Goku: This is the last time I'going to ask you! Where IS my son!?!
Raditz: Spare me the fatherly dramatics. You can have a last look at him, if you want. He is locked inside my space pod, behind you.
Goku: Huh?
Gohan: Waaaaaah!
Goku: Huh?
Gohan: Daddy, help me!
Goku: Be strong Gohan. I'll be down to help you in a minute. Just hold on.
Raditz: Ha! You'll be down alright, but you won't be helping anybody.
Goku: Huh?
Raditz: You should say your good byes thought, you won't get another chance.
Goku: NO! I won't loose.
Goku: Piccolo, are you alright? (sees his arm ripped) Ah!
Piccolo: Don't worry about it. It's not as bad as it looks. I'm not out of this fight yet.
Raditz: (after he burns off Piccolo's arm with a blast) Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Oh, excuse me! Has anyone seen my arm? Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! You can't miss it! It's green! Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! AH HA HA HA HA HA HA!
Piccolo: (about his Special Beam Cannon) Well, the truth is, its untested. I've never tried it against an opponent. I was hoping to save it for a special occasion. It's the attack I planned to use to defeat you.
Goku: I see. And now you're using it to help me. You must be terribly disappointed.
Piccolo: No. This'll be a good test. And if it works, I'll be using it on you next.
Goku: Heh heh. Figures.
Piccolo: You know, that wasn't actually intended to be funny.
Raditz: Why are they laughing? Planning something clever, no doubt.
Raditz: (after the armor pad is pierced) My that was quite an impressive little trick. Look how easy it pierced my armor. It's lucky for me that your aim needs some work.
Piccolo: Yes, Goku, with pleasure. I see you had a surprise attack after all, you sly dog. Now, hold him tight, this is the last time I can do this.
Raditz: Kakarot, please tell me you're not going through with this. I am your brother.
Piccolo: (after Raditz tricks Goku) You've always been way too trusting Goku.
Raditz: Just say "uncle!" Heh heh heh heh heh heh. Uncle! Ha ha ha ha. (to Piccolo) Just look at that fool! Why so blue, green man? Is it because you're powerless to help your friend, or 'cause you're just plain ugly!?
Gohan's Rage
Raditz: (checks his scouter) What!? Hey, kid! What happened to all that power you had!?
Gohan: W...what power?
Raditz: Bah! Play dumb if you want! You'll pay, all the same!
Gohan: Daddy! Help!
Goku: Leave him alone!
Raditz: Ah ha! (Raditz smacks Gohan away)
Goku: Gohan!!!!? Gohan....huh!? Please, don't hurt him. He's just a boy.
Raditz: Yes, he's just a little boy, that's true. But he's very strong. And he has a power level even higher than yours little brother. And if he ever learned to control it, it would be very bad for us! Heh...so, you could see, I have no choice! He must die! Now!
Goku: No, wait. You can't.
Raditz: (to himself) You are the first Saiyan to ever damage me like this my nephew. You are a true warrior who was worthy of being a Saiyan. And so, I will give you a death that is also worthy of a Saiyan.
Raditz: (to himself) How could that little brat's attack weaken me so much!? (to Goku) Kakarot, you're a fool! How do you expect to dodge that beam and hold me at the same time?
Goku: You're right! I can't! We'll both go!
Raditz: What!? That's insane! You'll be killed. Is that what you want?
Goku: If its the only way for me to beat you!
Piccolo: Hold on Goku, I'm almost ready! (to himself) So, you're going to sacrifice yourself? Goku...how very noble of you. And how convenient for me. Then again, even if I do kill you, it's only a matter of time before your friends wish you back with the dragonballs...too bad.
Raditz: (while breathing hard and coughing up blood on the ground) Kakarot. How could he? It makes no sense. The fool. Now we're both dead.
Piccolo: No, you die alone. Goku won't be gone for long. I'm guessing his friends will see to it he's back within the week.
Raditz: What? That's impossible. Tell me...how?
Piccolo: Heh, gladly. On this planet, we have something that we call the dragonballs. When all seven balls are gathered together, they have the power to grant any wish, and that includes bringing the dead back to life. So, you see, it's Goku who will have the last laugh.
Raditz: Ha ha ha ha ha. No. I'm afraid you're wrong green man. This device on my face, it's...it's also a transmitter. My Saiyan comrades heard every single word.
Piccolo: Huh?
Raditz: The two of them. Now they'll come. I know they will. (coughs up a lot of blood) They will. I know they will. And once they arrive, you'll be powerless to stop them. There's nothing you could do. They'll seek out these dragonballs and they'll destroy everything in their path. You, and every living thing on this planet will be wiped out. They'll destroy you all. Heh he he.
Goku: (also dying) When? When will they come? How long will it take them to get here?
Raditz: One year. The funny thing is...aha ha ha ha ha...they're much stronger than me.
Piccolo: Stronger? One year? Oh no.
Raditz: So enjoy this little victory of your today, it means...it means nothing. You're as good as dead!
Piccolo: Grrr....
Raditz: Aha ha ha. I only hope I'm back in time to see it happen.
Piccolo: Grrr....
Raditz: Don't look so upset. We can't all have the last laugh. Aha ha ha ha ha ha! Aha ha ha ha haaaa!
Piccolo: Grrrrr...... (Piccolo raises his hand to finish off Raditz)
Nappa: Grrr...Raditz stinks.
Vegeta: He's a complete disgrace. Hmph. How could he let himself be beaten by men with such low fighting power?
Nappa: I don't know. Maybe we should go teach those Earthlings a lesson.
Vegeta: A waste of time. Then again, I am curious.
Nappa: Ah. Are you thinking about what Raditz said?
Vegeta: Heh he he he he he he he. Exactly. Those dragonballs caught my interest. Just think of the possibilities Nappa. If we can get our hands on those seven dragonballs, then we can wish for anything we want. Anything at all. Wouldn't you say that's worth making a little trip?
Nappa: You kiddin'? Yeah, lets go! Ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Vegeta: Once we force Kakarot's friends to tell us how to find the dragonballs, we'll eliminate them, along with anyone else who tries to stand in our way.
Nappa: And then we can wish Raditz back to life.
Vegeta: No, that would be a wasted wish. Raditz was a weakling and a fool. Any Saiyan who could be defeated so easily doesn't deserve to live.
Nappa: Hmmm....
Vegeta: Actually, Nappa, I have something far more grand in mind. Now tell me, how does the idea of eternal life sound to you?
Nappa: What? Living forever? That sounds great! Yeah, and if we can't die, that means no one'll ever be able to defeat us. So what the heck would we need Raditz for?
Vegeta: Yes. What for, indeed. We'll be the greatest fighters in the universe. And we will ascend to our rightful place among the Saiyan warriors of legend.
Nappa: Do you mean...
Vegeta: That's right Nappa. That's exactly what I mean. We will become Super Saiyans.
Nappa: Now I definitely like the sound of that.
No Time Like the Present
Bulma: (about a scouter) I'll reprogram it too. I think I can get it to display numbers in our own language.
Krillin: Wow, Bulma. You're a genius!
Bulma: Don't worry, I know.
Piccolo: Before you leave, I have a request to make. This'll sound strange but try to put your emotions aside. I want Goku's son to come with me for special training.
Master Roshi: What?
Krillin: No way! You can't fool me mister! Special training...!
Piccolo: Grrr...
Krillin: You just wanna gobble him up!
Piccolo: I do not!
Bulma: Then tell us why.
Piccolo: Earlier today, this boy showed signs that he might be the most powerful person on this planet. I think I can teach him to control his power, so he can use it to help us defend the Earth when the other Saiyans arrive.
Master Roshi: Hmm...
Piccolo: It is a long shot. He might still be too young, we'll see.
Krillin: Yeah. He's probably too young.
Bulma: Right. I wouldn't chance it if I were you...aha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Master Roshi: Hmm...at any rate, I'd say you'd have to ask the boy's mother.
Piccolo: I'm not asking! I'm telling!
Master Roshi: Eh!?
Bulma: Ah?!
Piccolo: Look, nothing else matters right now except beating the other Saiyans in one year! The boy's in good hands. (Piccolo takes Gohan) Aha ha ha. When you wish Goku back, tell him he can look forward to seeing his son one year from now, I'll do what I can with this pampered kid. Hopefully, our work will bare fruit. Remember, tell him one year. (Piccolo leaves with Gohan)
Bulma: I never was a good babysitter.
Krillin: Now we're done for. So who's gonna tell Chi-Chi?
Demon: Yes, I could tell right away from your cool suit. Oh, you Kung Fu guys are so buff. I mean like macho-supremo. You might even have a chance of making it to King Kai's. But, tell me, do you think a guy like me could learn Kung Fu? I mean, I've always wanted to, I just don't know.
Goku: Well, sure. It's not Kung Fu though, it's the Kame-Sennin style of martial arts.
Demon: Ahhh...
Goku: Hey, so what's this King Kai like? Have you met him?
Demon: Who me? I'm flattered you think that. No, I haven't met King Kai and I don't know of anyone who has, except for King Yemma.
Goku: Wow! And I get to meet him, for real?
Demon: Well, maybe...
Goku: (about Snake Way) Wow! It seems so long!
Demon: (giggling) Oh, we must have a psychic connection or something, because I say the same thing to myself every time I see it.
Goku: How long is it?
Demon: Well, they say it's over ten thousand miles, but nobody really knows for sure.
Goku: Ten thousand miles!!!? Has anyone ever made it to the end!?
Demon: Just one person. King Yemma. But he made that tremendous journey many many centuries ago.
Goku: Centuries ago...? Wow, if I had known Snake Way was this long, I would've packed a lunch or something.
Demon: Oh, I wouldn't worry about food. You've got a very long way to go. And believe you me, a lot more important things to worry about.
Gohan: But, I don't wanna be a fighter. I wanna be an orthopedist when I grow up.
Piccolo: Hm, is that so? Well you still can, but first you have to help us defeat the Saiyans when they arrive. If we can't stop them, they'll wipe out everyone on Earth, then you won't turn out to be anything.
Gohan: But I'm afraid.
Piccolo: You'll be far more afraid of me if you don't do exactly what I say!
Day 1
Gohan: No, I don't have anything. What about food, or a bed. What am I supposed to do out here all day? What about my homework?
Piccolo: I told you I wasn't going to go easy on you. You're on your own.
Gohan: You can't leave me. That's cruel.
Piccolo: Hey, guess what? Sometimes kid, life is cruel, and don't you forget it.
Gohan: These apples are sour. I miss my mom's cooking. I wanna eat a real dinner.
Demon: He said, "tell Master Roshi and the others not to wish me back with the dragonballs for one year."
Baba: So, Goku wants me to go down to Kame House.
Demon: Yup. He said he'll owe you one.
Baba: That boy already owes me plenty. But I suppose I'll do it this once.
Krillin: (to himself) Okay, now...here I go...uh...okay, now. Chi-Chi, you're not gonna believe this but...uh...Goku is gone and Gohan uh...well we sorta let Piccolo borrow him for a...well, for a while...and uh...he he he he...okay, how about this way...Chi-Chi, um, guess what? Goku's in Other World with Kami and Gohan...well, he's been kidnapped again.
Ox-King: I'm so excited to see Gohan. I can't wait. Heh he he he he he. You know, I haven't seen him in almost a year. He's probably all grown up by now. Heh he he he he.
Krillin: (to himself) Aw, man! How can I tell him he's gonna have to wait another year?
Gohan Goes Bananas!
Master Roshi: So, uh, how did she take it Krillin?
Krillin: Uh...I didn't tell her.
Master Roshi: Ehhh....
Bulma: No way! Seriously?
Krillin: Yup.
Bulma: I can't believe you Krillin. So what have you been doing all this time?
Krillin: W...well, we started eating dinner, and it got late and...uh...they made me spend the night over there.
Bulma: You are going to march right back over there and tell them what happened.
Krillin: No, anything but that.
Master Roshi: Well, I can't blame you.
Bulma: Why not? I just did.
Bulma: (Bulma checks the scouter for Master Roshi's power level) This should tell us what your power level is. And it's...one hundred and thirty nine!?
Master Roshi: One thirty nine, huh? That seems a little low to me.
Bulma: No, I'm sure it's a good rating, considering you're an old man.
Master Roshi: I don't know which hurts worse...the lousy power rating or the commentary that goes with it.
Krillin: Hey, check mine out! I'd love to know what my power level is!
Bulma: Alright. You've got it. (Bulma checks the scouter for Krillin's power level) Two o six. Not bad.
Krillin: Oh wow! Hear that Master Roshi? My power level's higher than yours!
Master Roshi: Eh...that proves it. The gizmo's busted.
Krillin: Ohhh...ya think...?
Bulma: I know a way to find out. Ah. (Bulma checks the scouter for Turtle's power level) Alright Turtle, put up your dukes. I'm gonna check the calibration on this thing. Power level point zero zero one. Ha ha ha ha ha. Sorry, Roshi. I'd say it's pretty accurate.
Krillin: Oh yeah!!!
Master Roshi: I'll be...
Bulma: Ah, cheer up. You're still stronger than me.
Yajirobe: Come on! Open up! I don't have all day you know!
Krillin: Now what kind of visitor could possibly be so rude?
Yajirobe: It's me.
Krillin: Huh...oh yeah...I remember you...you're uh...what's your name?
Yajirobe: You know I'm Yajirobe you near-sighted q-ball head.
Krillin: So uh...did Korin send you?
Yajirobe: "Hey, look at me. I'm know-it-all Korin." That's the guy. And he wants you ta bring Yamcha, and Ten-somebody and uh...Chiao-whatever...
Krillin: Oh. You mean Tien and Chiaotzu.
Master Roshi: Not me?
Yajirobe: Yeah, like I said...get all those guys and bring 'em to Korin Tower. I'm training with you too.
Krillin: What? No way!?
Yajirobe: Yeah, crazy huh? I told Korin I'm not fightin' any stupid aliens and he went through the roof. I thought he was gonna kill me. He's serious.
Piccolo: Now, I guess you'll need some new clothes and a sword would help. Now, You can't say I never gave you anything kid. (Piccolo makes clothes appear on Gohan's unconscious body) The clothes are like your dad's, but the symbols show you're from my camp. Alright, I've already done more for you than I intended. I don't have time to babysit you anymore. I have my own training to do. But if you can survive for six months on your own, you'll see me again. And that's when you'll learn the art of fighting the hard way...I'll teach you everything. That's right. You'll learn to be just like me. Heh.
The Strangest Robot
Robot: Who are you? What do you want?
Gohan: I'm...uh...my name is Gohan sir.
Robot: Well, Gohan, keep your voice down. What are you trying to do, bury us under tons of sand?
Robot: You're going to have to learn how to take care of yourself. Now stop bothering me. Now, put me back in standby mode and leave. I've already wasted too much power dealing with you and your problems.
Gohan: Wake up! Wake up! Please help me!
Robot: What? What? What is it this time?
Gohan: There's a scorpion!
Robot: But this is a cave. Caves have scorpions.
Gohan: But I'm scared.
Robot: They also have snakes and bats and spiders. Now stop being such a baby and put me back into standby.
Gohan: Me again. Do you have anything to eat?
Robot: Oh, yes. Being a robot, I always keep plenty of food lying around. What do you think?
Gohan: Hungry...
Robot: You can always make yourself a nice snake and scorpion sandwich. Now for the last time, put me back in standby mode and just stop bothering me.
Robot: (The robot is shutting down) Come now Gohan. That won't do any good.
Gohan: Don't go.
Robot: Remember what I told you Gohan. You have to learn to take care of yourself. Be strong.
Gohan: (while crying) Please!
Robot: No more standby mode. It's time to shut down. Time to shut down. (the robot shuts down)
Gohan: Uh! Mister robot!? Wake up!!! Come on, wake up! Please don't leave me! Let me help you the same way you helped me! You can't go! Please! Mister robot!
A New Friend
Puar: Aren't you nervous about winning the game?
Yamcha: What's there to be nervous about? This is too easy. Seems like every time I step up to the play, I hit a home run.
Puar: Yeah, but that's a good thing, isn't it?
Yamcha: I'm a fighter Puar, I'm not a...ball player.
Puar: Don't talk like that! Fighting doesn't pay the rent Yamcha! You have to make money somehow.
Bulma: Man, being a jerk just comes so natural to you.
Yamcha: Yeah, well, I'd say I owe all my training in that department to you Bulma.
Yamcha: Krillin, if you need some help against those Saiyans, let me know.
Krillin: Wait a second. That's what I came to talk to you about. I do need you. Korin wants us all to report to him for special training.
Yamcha: For real Krillin?
Krillin: Uhuh...uhuh.
Yamcha: Well, I'm not gonna bow down to those Saiyan jerks! We've got Piccolo on our side and Goku's gonna be back even stronger than before.
Bulma: That's true.
Yamcha: And besides, it's not every day you get a chance to be trained by Korin himself.
Yamcha: In any case, those sorry Saiyans are gonna have their hands full, I'll make sure o' that.
Bulma: Wow. Now you're talkin' Yamcha.
Krillin: Oh great. She still likes him. Bummer.
Terror on Arlia
Arlian Guard: (to Nappa) You'll be glad to know your cell doesn't have any rats. The prisoners ate 'em all. Aha ha ha ha.
Nappa: (to Vegeta) Remind me to get that guy okay?
Arlian King: I'm suffering from royal boredom.
Arlian Guard: Sire, earlier today we captured two aliens. They're in the dungeon now.
Arlian King: Aliens? Have the guards bring them to the arena immediately. Maybe they can provide some entertainment fit for a king.
Vegeta: Don't put yourselves out. We're already here.
Arlian King: What's the meaning of this!? Why don't these prisoners have an armed escort in my chamber?
Arlian Guard: I don't know sire, no orders were ever sent to the dungeon.
Vegeta: Your guards met with an unfortunate accident.
Nappa: (to Arlian King) Come on, your heinous-ness. Bring on the cricket brigade of yours. We're ready.
Arlian King: (to his monster) Yedi, destroy these creatures. They're bad. Very very bad.
Nappa: We're bad?
Vegeta: Well, a little.
Nappa: Well that thing back there said we were heroes.
Vegeta: Being a hero is highly overrated.
Nappa: Grr...too bad. I guess that was a big waste of time then. Grr...
